[MC] Swap Daytona w/ MerriweatherSans + use variable fonts (#560)
springernature/frontend-toolkits: context/brand-context/springernature/README.md

## Fonts

We are using Merriweather as a variable font for both `serif` and `sans-serif`.

> Browsers who support variable fonts do support the `woff2` format. We therefore

Reviewer: "Browsers that support variable fonts also support the `woff2` format

do not need to serve other formats.

> Browsers who do not support variable fonts, will fallback to the system fonts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Browsers that do not support variable fonts will fallback to the system fonts
```

specified in the `$context--font-family-serif` and `$context--font-family-sans`

> SASS variables after respectively `'Merriweather'` and `'Merriweather Sans'`.

Reviewer: SASS variable, respectively

(remove after, replace with comma)

So far our `Merriweather` font instance only includes the [Weight variation
axis](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Fonts/Variable_Fonts_Guide#weight).  

> At the time of writing `Merriweather` supports the additional [Width

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the time of writing, `Merriweather` supports the additional [Width
```

variation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Fonts/Variable_Fonts_Guide#width) and [Optical Size variation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Fonts/Variable_Fonts_Guide#optical_size) as well.  
If at any point in the future there is a need for these variations, you will
need to start over the font generation process as described below, leaving in
the variations you need. **Beware** though, the font file weight will increase
with the amount of variations you add.

> At the time of writeing `Merriweather` only supports the [Weight variation

Reviewer: writeing -> writing

axis](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Fonts/Variable_Fonts_Guide#weight).  
It is worth noting that we also optimised the available `font-weight` range at
the font generation step to only span from `300` to `700`.  
If at any point in the future there is a need for a different range, you will
need to start over the font generation process as described below, specifying
the new range. **Beware** though, the font file weight will increase the broader
the range is.

> 

Reviewer: You start by saying "At the time of writing `Merriweather` supports the additional..."

but then say

"At the time of writing `Merriweather` only supports the..."

Should one of those be Merriweather Sans?

### Font generation process

#### Original fonts download

- [Download Merriweather](https://github.com/SorkinType/Merriweather/blob/master/fonts/variable/Merriweather%5Bopsz%2Cwdth%2Cwght%5D.ttf)
- [Download Merriweather Sans](https://github.com/SorkinType/Merriweather-Sans/blob/master/fonts/variable/MerriweatherSans%5Bwght%5D.ttf)

#### Tools needed

- fonttools ([Install fonttools](https://pypi.org/project/fonttools/))
- varLib instancer ([varLib instancer documentation](https://fonttools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/varLib/instancer.html))
- woff2 library ([How To Convert Variable TTF Font Files to WOFF2](https://henry.codes/writing/how-to-convert-variable-ttf-font-files-to-woff2/))

#### Generating Merriweather-Variable.woff2

> In the below commands, it is considered the CLI tools are in the `PATH`, if not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following commands, it is assumed that the CLI tools are included in your `PATH`, if not
```

you should use the absolute path to their binaries.

1. Download Merriweather font under the name of `Merriweather-Variable.ttf`

> 2. In the Terminal navigates to the folder you have just downloaded the font to

Reviewer: navigates -> navigate

(remove the S)

3. Run `fonttools varLib.instancer ./Merriweather-Variable.ttf wdth=drop opsz=drop wght=300:700`
4. Run `woff2_compress ./Merriweather-Variable-partial.ttf`
5. Run `mv ./Merriweather-Variable-partial.woff2 ./Merriweather-Variable.woff2`
6. Copy `Merriweather-Variable.woff2` to your app's font folder

#### Generating MerriweatherSans-Variable.woff2

In the below commands, it is considered the CLI tools are in the `PATH`, if not
you should use the absolute path to their binaries.

1. Download Merriweather Sans font under the name of `MerriweatherSans-Variable.ttf`

> 2. In the Terminal navigates to the folder you have just downloaded the font to

Reviewer: navigates -> navigate

(remove the S)
